if you think it can't get worse it can
and it will
the dying's not done the killings not
done I promised my crew a long time ago
I keep them alive house afraid you were
dead where's the rest of third person
we're it Sergeant Collier I'm your new
assistant driver thanks cool
that's home I've never even seen the
inside of the tank you will
I started this war killing Germans in
Africa now I'm killing Germans in
Germany then with these fine gentlemen
for years
these troops could buy it
the water oh we got us you
I won't ask you do anything I haven't
done myself
comm check photo check great project
poacher
and eels are peaceful history is violent
wait till you see see what we're nine
gluten another night I'm scared too we
will end soon but before it does a lot
more people got to die we know we do get
a dollar thirty five a day right this
job I buy that dress go everywhere
they're coming I'm willing
there's five against 300 never run
before while we're gonna run now